Update GPU guidance (#580)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/tools/jupyterlab/index.md

# JupyterLab

A development environment for writing Python code, including Python notebooks. If you're new to Python and JuptyerLab, you can follow a [self-paced introduction to Python](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/intro-to-python).

You can also use JupyterLab All Spark, a version with tooling for Spark development.

## Resourcing options

> JupyterLab runs with a standard set of resources. You can request more powerful computing resources (2 CPUs with 24GB of RAM) for your environment if you need them. This includes situations where you’re working with very large datasets, or using AI to process data. However, we do not have additional options for JupyterLab All Spark.

Reviewer: > using AI to process data

I think we should remove this. It's ambiguous imo.

Author: ```suggestion
JupyterLab runs with a standard set of resources. You can request more powerful computing resources (2 CPUs with 24GB of RAM) for your environment if you need them. This includes situations where you’re working with very large or complex datasets. However, we do not have additional options for JupyterLab All Spark.
```
Would this work instead?

To request increased resourcing, send a message in [#ask-analytical-platform on Slack](https://moj.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C4PF7QAJZ) with:

* the email address for your Analytical Platform account
* the tooling you're using

> * the resources you need

Reviewer: I don't think we want to say this as it opens the door for the masking for resources which we are not in the business of supplying. We can increase resources by a set amount - 2 CPUs with 24GB of RAM

Author: Would "the resource option you need" work? I think that makes it clearer, in the context of the paragraph, that these are set and not customisable 🤔 But could also add an extra sentence in to stress that fact further up.

## Run notebooks

> In JupyterLab, before you can successfully run the notebook, you'll need to select the kernel for this project. If it doesn't appear in the drop-down list, run this in a terminal:

Reviewer: _This applies to all the changes from Jupyter to JupyterLab._ I don't actually know if this is strictly correct. I would investigate who wrote this in the first place and if they are a data scientist, trust their opinion and stick with Jupyter.

Author: This page is titled JupyterLab, so it should be correct! Otherwise this content is in the wrong place...

Author: I've checked with data scientists and also checked the instructions against whether they're referring to functionality in JupyterLab or Notebook, and several of the UI instructions aren't applicable to Jupyter Notebook, so I think these are the right changes.

pipenv install
```

To use the pipenv in JupyterLab, compared to [using a venv in JupyterLab](../tools/package-management.html#venv-and-pip), the syntax of creating the kernel changes to:

```bash
pipenv install ipykernel
python3 -m ipykernel install --user --name="pipenv-name" --display-name="My project (Python3)"
```

> And then select the kernel in JupyteLab as [normal](../tools/package-management.html#venv-and-pip).

Reviewer 2: Minor typo, missing r in JupyterLab
